# tea-bility
Encouraging people with all abilities to self-care and restore.
The purpose of this project is to blog, devote, and encourage people who are parenting those with disabilities, or caring for those who are elderly or disabled. It also lifts and encourages self-care of the masses of individuals who are caring for or find they are in the stage of life when they believe others have forgotten them. Aging is lonely and for some devastating or traumatic. The purpose here is to provide resources for self-management, self-care, and restorative rituals and practices that bring comfort and peace.
I have been in the postition of raising a child with multiple disabilities and the similar but oposite position of caring for an elderly parent and an elderly friend.
I know firsthand how frustrating and dificult it is to find good resources and suport and to feel alone in the journey.
I understand from personal experience the trials of advocating for someone who cannot adequately advocate for herself and the monumental task of finding services for children and adults with disabilities who need so much, but have access to so little. 
America does a poor job of educating new parents of children with disabilities of the resources available and an extremely awful job of adequately valuing and caring for the elderly and infirm. 
Much of the elderly population has limited healthcare, inadequate affordable care options, and is a valuable asset that is put in a closet and forgotten by mainstream society. 
Nurses with an average of five years of experience are given salaries that equal 40 to 80 dollars an hour while nursing aides, with minimal training and often no supervision, who do the majority of gritty, dirty, smelly healthcare jobs in America are paid minimum wages based on the town or county in which they live.
The purpose of this website is to make America aware of the amount of work and care that falls to family and friends of the aging and disabled simly because they have no other options. The caregivers and advocates of these precious individuals with special care needs have little to no training, are overwhelmed with the work of it, have no idea where the resources are, or simply cannot afford outside help. They often fail in thier duties simply because they lack the education, resources, and financial aid to make the difference the individual desparately deserves.
Join me in making a huge impact of positive change for the forgotten population, the caregiviers. This includes the daughters, mothers, fathers, sons, neices, nephews, and often the adoptive parents, step-parents, grand-parents, and neighbors who step in and fill the gap as primary caregiver for individuals who are aging or disabled. Caregivers who live with and care for individuals with special needs are the everyday heroes that no one stops to help or encourage in the trenches of nitty-gritty, thankless love that drives them to get up each morning and take another leap of faith into the unknown.
